md/interact/index.md, before:

# Interact

There are many ways to interact and get involved with the various anonymity
projects out there. To get involved with The Crypto Project:

### Mailing Lists

Join in on a mailing list and get involved in the conversation. The current
and temporary home for The Crypto Project is at remailer@librelist.com. To
join in and follow this list simply send a message to remailer@librelist.com
and you will be subscribed. Your message will be dropped and you will be
notified of your subscription.

### Chat on IRC

Join in on the conversation on the #cryptodotis channel on OFTC. Most of The
Crypto Project conversation goes on there as well as conversation realted to
the various supported projects (like remailers).

### Donate Your Time

Are you a developer? Can you write documentation? The Crypto Project is
looking for anyone that can contribute to a project in anyway. Check out
[Contributing Time][1] for more information.

   [1]: http://crypto.is/interact/time/

### Fund Anonymity Servers

To donate funds to The Crypto Project, or to find information to donat to the
various supported projects, check out [Contributing Money][2]

   [2]: http://crypto.is/interact/money/

### Contribute Servers, Shares and Bandwidth

One of the best ways to help out anonymity projects is to setup and run a
server yourself. The Crypto Projects aims to create a master set of tutorials
and guides for all who are looking to setup servers. Check out [Contributing
Goods][3] to find links to more information on how you can help.

   [3]: http://crypto.is/interact/goods/

Commit message:

more copy changes, and removing a couple empty links

md/interact/index.md, after:

# Interact

There are many ways to interact and get involved with Crypto.is and the various anonymity projects out there.

### Mailing Lists

Crypto.is has its own mailing list, and there are [a number of additional mailing lists for other anonymity projects](/interact/mailing_lists/) you can join to keep tabs on development.

### Chat on IRC

Join in on the conversation on the #cryptodotis channel on OFTC. Most of The Crypto Project conversation goes on there as well as conversation related to various projects .

### Donate Your Time

Are you a developer? Can you write documentation? The Crypto Project is looking for anyone that can contribute to a project in anyway. Check out [Contributing Time](/interact/time/) for more information.

### Fund Anonymity Servers

To donate funds to The Crypto Project, or to find information to donate to the various supported projects, check out [Contributing Money](/interact/money/).

### Contribute Servers and Bandwidth

Something any anonymity networks needs... is the network.  If you can donate servers, space, or bandwidth we can help you put it to good use.  Check out [Contributing Goods](/interact/goods/) or [get in touch](/about/).
