md/docs/reading.md, before:

# Reading & Research

## Research Papers

##### IACR EPrint Archive

The [International Association for Cryptologic Research ePrint Archive](http://eprint.iacr.org/) provides rapid access to recent research in cryptology - an RSS feed of research papers. 

##### The Free Haven Project: Selected Papers in Anonymity

The current best resource for a collection of papers on anonymity research can be found at the Free Haven Project at [AnonBib](http://www.freehaven.net/anonbib/)

##### Tahoe-LAFS Bibliography

For an excellent collection of papers on Cryptography, Erasure Coding, Direct Attached Storage, and P2P/Distributed Systems/Decentralization, check out [TahoeBib](http://tahoe-lafs.org/trac/tahoe-lafs/wiki/Bibliography)

##### Flud Wiki: Related Papers

For an excellent collection of papers on Peer-to-Peer Backup, Reputation and Trust, Cryptography, Erasure Coding, Economics, Distributed Hash Tables and more check out [Flud Wiki](http://flud.org/wiki/index.php/RelatedPapers)

##Individual Articles

##### Cryptographic Right Answers

Colin Percival, a FreeBSD Security Officer and a cryptographic researcher, lists the recommended ways to use crytography for a majority of situations and use cases. Read the link at [Cryptographic Right Answers](http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2009-06-11-cryptographic-right-answers.html)

##### If You're Typing The Letters A-E-S Into Your Code, You're Doing It Wrong

Thomas Ptacek, co-founder of Matasano Security, writes an entertaining post that gives cryptographic lessons through an anecdotal interview.  Read the link at [If You're Typing The Letters A-E-S Into Your Code, You're
Doing It Wrong](http://chargen.matasano.com/chargen/2009/7/22/if-youre-typing-the-letters-a-e-s-into-your-code-youre-doing.html)

##### A Stick Figure Guide to the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)

A visual stick figure story that takes the reader through the history and background of AES, some basic crypto concepts, and a breakdown of AES. Read the link at [A Stick Figure Guide to the Advanced Encryption Standard](http://www.moserware.com/2009/09/stick-figure-guide-to-advanced.html)

##### Cracking Budget Encryption

Seen those budget "encrypted" external hard drives? Well the encryption usually isn't so hot. Here's how one was cracked. This is often the closest you'll get to real crypto cracking. Read the link at [Cracking budget encryption](http://www.h-online.com/security/Cracking-budget-encryption--/features/112548/0)

##### Enough With The Rainbow Tables

Why you want a nice, slow hash function for your password storage, and some suggestions for which to choose. Read the link at [Enough With The Rainbow Tables: What You Need To Know About
Secure Password Schemes](http://chargen.matasano.com/chargen/2007/9/7/enough-with-the-rainbow-tables-what-you-need-to-know-about-s.html)

Commit message:

Added Floss manuals, updated headings to correct type.

md/docs/reading.md, after:

# Reading & Research

## Research Papers

### IACR EPrint Archive

The [International Association for Cryptologic Research ePrint Archive](http://eprint.iacr.org/) provides rapid access to recent research in cryptology - an RSS feed of research papers. 

### The Free Haven Project: Selected Papers in Anonymity

The current best resource for a collection of papers on anonymity research can be found at the Free Haven Project at [AnonBib](http://www.freehaven.net/anonbib/)

### Tahoe-LAFS Bibliography

For an excellent collection of papers on Cryptography, Erasure Coding, Direct Attached Storage, and P2P/Distributed Systems/Decentralization, check out [TahoeBib](http://tahoe-lafs.org/trac/tahoe-lafs/wiki/Bibliography)

### Flud Wiki: Related Papers

For an excellent collection of papers on Peer-to-Peer Backup, Reputation and Trust, Cryptography, Erasure Coding, Economics, Distributed Hash Tables and more check out [Flud Wiki](http://flud.org/wiki/index.php/RelatedPapers)

### FLOSS Manuals: Basic Internet Security

For a great collection of guides, tutorials, advice and more on basic internet safety, security, and privacy check out [Floss Manuals](http://en.flossmanuals.net/basic-internet-security/)

##Individual Articles

### Cryptographic Right Answers

Colin Percival, a FreeBSD Security Officer and a cryptographic researcher, lists the recommended ways to use crytography for a majority of situations and use cases. Read the link at [Cryptographic Right Answers](http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2009-06-11-cryptographic-right-answers.html)

### If You're Typing The Letters A-E-S Into Your Code, You're Doing It Wrong

Thomas Ptacek, co-founder of Matasano Security, writes an entertaining post that gives cryptographic lessons through an anecdotal interview.  Read the link at [If You're Typing The Letters A-E-S Into Your Code, You're
Doing It Wrong](http://chargen.matasano.com/chargen/2009/7/22/if-youre-typing-the-letters-a-e-s-into-your-code-youre-doing.html)

### A Stick Figure Guide to the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)

A visual stick figure story that takes the reader through the history and background of AES, some basic crypto concepts, and a breakdown of AES. Read the link at [A Stick Figure Guide to the Advanced Encryption Standard](http://www.moserware.com/2009/09/stick-figure-guide-to-advanced.html)

### Cracking Budget Encryption

Seen those budget "encrypted" external hard drives? Well the encryption usually isn't so hot. Here's how one was cracked. This is often the closest you'll get to real crypto cracking. Read the link at [Cracking budget encryption](http://www.h-online.com/security/Cracking-budget-encryption--/features/112548/0)

### Enough With The Rainbow Tables

Why you want a nice, slow hash function for your password storage, and some suggestions for which to choose. Read the link at [Enough With The Rainbow Tables: What You Need To Know About
Secure Password Schemes](http://chargen.matasano.com/chargen/2007/9/7/enough-with-the-rainbow-tables-what-you-need-to-know-about-s.html)
